THINGS TO DO
============
This is the internal list of items that need to be done.

-- 1.3.3 --
* Repackage code - packages were getting a bit large.  The goal is to make class
  structure/placement more logical.
  GUI:
  - Moved the SWT wizards into their own packages;
  - Separated utility classes into the util package;
  - Main application windows remain in swt package.
  Storage:
  - Moved OS formats into their respective packages in the "os" package
    (dos33, prodos, cpm, rdos, pascal);
  - Filters are now in the filters package.
  - General storage classes remain under storage (Disk, FormattedDisk, etc).
* Added formatted assembly FileFilter.  Understands Merlin format source files.
  Need to recognize various formats - T.*, *.S, etc.  Need examples for other
  formats (Orca, APW, etc).
* File viewer window now scrolls an appropriate amount: PgUp/PgDn, arrows, 
  mousewheel all work (must select content area first of course).
* Wizard windows no longer show up with the title bar off the screen.
* Refactor FileViewerWindow.  Created supporting FilterAdapter classes as well as 
  (presumably) reusable ContentAdapters.  Started caching the filtered content for
  a little speed improvement when switching filters (native, hex, raw) in the FileView.

--- FUTURE 1.3.x ---
o Create reusable show dialog messages (they're scattered all over right now) to clean
  up code a bit.
o BUG: Import of binary file does not set starting address.
o MISSING FEATURE: Unable to import a RAW binary image.
? Compile of BASIC programs
? Enhance the BASIC compiler with a few more commands...
o Create subdirectories as appropriate (ProDOS).
o Improve file preview for Integer BASIC files.
o Improve file preview for AppleWorks Word Processor files (make implementation
  generic to a Word Processor).
o SWT image handlers do not appear to work correctly.  BMP works - but color seems
  off.  GIF/PNG/JPEG give errors or a black image.
o It has been reported that Apple Pascal includes extra information at the beginning
  and/or the end of a line - need to resolve this for the preview and export function.
o Resolve OS X issues where window cannot come to the foreground.
o Further automate build (and web site) deployment.
 
--- FUTURE 1.4.x (or later) ---
o Change layout of DiskExplorer window to not be tabbed.  Information could/should be
  a popup window.  File browsing and disk free space can be shown or hidden by toolbar
  buttons (see Denis Molony's prototype for example).  Can add file tracking at this 
  point.  Possibly toggle sector/block editor?
o Add RDOS writing capability.
o Add Apple Pascal writing capability.
o Add CP/M writing capability.
o Add drag-and-drop capability.
o Provide a Swing GUI so people are not "limited" to SWT.  This may be tossed.
o Add more information to About box including GPL, TODO, VERSIONS, etc.
o Change disk format.
o Sector/Block editor.
o Open zip files; be able to browse disk images from the zip file. This should be
  a different type of window (Archive Window?) that allows disk images to be
  opened into a Disk Window.  (Saves would have to be to the file system.)
o Open SHK files?  Similar operation to zip files.
o Open SDK files?  Opens directly into a Disk Window.
o Make formatted images bootable.  May need user to supply a "master" disk from
  which files or data is copied.
o Can AppleCommander read a CF card with ProDOS volumes on it?  This is an IDE device
  connected either via USB or a card reader.  Requires some level of OS integration...
  some form of raw disk access.
